MD002
Admissions Policy
Date Eective November 2022
ST Approval November 2022
Review Date September 2024
To be reviewed by ST s/b JMO/
Amended September 2024
SAFEGUARDING
NLCS Jeju is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. The
School expects all teaching sta, nonteaching sta and volunteers to share and uphold this
commitment. If a child cannot feel safe they cannot learn to their full potential.
MD002 November2022 1
PURPOSE OF THE ADMISSIONS POLICY
The purpose of this policy is to ensure there is a clear, transparent and fair process for all enquirers and
applicants to NLCS Jeju through each stage of the process. Allowing prospective students to make an
informed decision as to whether or not NLCS Jeju is the right school for them and to allow NLCS Jeju
to select students who have the potential to thrive at NLCS Jeju.
Definitions:
- Student / child / applicant – the person applying to study at NLCS Jeju
- Parent (an applicants parent, guardian or representative)
INTRODUCTION
NLCS Jeju is a sister school of NLCS London. It was founded in 2011 and oers a British Education to
students from around the world, in Jeju, South Korea.
School Structure
● Junior School
● First School (Reception and Years 1 and 2
● Lower School (Year 3-6)
● Senior School
● Middle School ( Year 7 to 11)
● Sixth Form (Year 12 to Year 13)
The majority of students automatically progress from one year to the next. Parents will be invited to
relevant transition events.
The Diamond Model: Year Groups, classrooms and curriculum
● Reception to Year 6 (Co-educational classrooms) – linked to NLCS London and
international curricula
● From Reception to Year 4 each has a class teacher and some subject specialist
teachers
● For Years 5 and 6 all lessons are taught by subject specialists
● Year 7 to Year 9 (predominantly single sex teaching groups by subject ) – linked NLCS
London curricula
● Year 10 to Year 11 (predominantly single sex teaching groups by subject with option
choices as well as core subjects ) – IGCSE
● Year 12 to Year 13 (Co-educational teaching groups by subject specialists ) – IBDP
● All classes (other than language classes) are taught in English
● Students are required to speak in English at all times whilst at school, taking part in
extracurricular activities or in the boarding houses
● Academic timetables are set to accommodate current students and new students who
have paid deposits and therefore applicants particularly those close to the start of term or
joining mid-year may not be able to select their first choice options for languages, GCSEs
or IBDP etc.
● Students who hold a Korean passport are required to undertake Korean language and
Korean history lessons, even if they are holders of another passport.
MD002 November2022 2
Academic Year
● NLCS Jejus Academic Year is from August to June.
● The Academic Year consists of three terms.
Day and Boarding
Students are able to board from Year 5 onwards in one of seven on campus Boarding Houses.
Due to the added academic, educational and social benefits of boarding, the preference of
NLCS Jeju is for all eligible students to board.
Available places
● NLCS Jeju has a capacity of 1,751 students.
● The target class size is 22 but may vary.
● Year group sizes may vary.
● For Years 7 to 11 where classes are taught single sex, the availability of Male and Female
places will also vary.
● Available places vary on a regular basis and NLCS Jeju reserves the right to adjust as
required.
Equal Treatment
The School encourages applications from students of all backgrounds and each application is
treated equally throughout the process allowing for students to be assessed solely on
Admissions criteria, unless otherwise stated in the preferential treatment detailed below.
Special Educational Needs
Students with special educational needs are welcome to apply. It is advisable that parents
speak to the Admissions Team prior to registering their child to ensure their needs are met
throughout the process and once enrolled should an oer be made.
Special Student Selection Criteria
NLCS Jeju welcomes applications from all interested students, especially Jeju residents,
regardless of status, wealth, culture, background or circumstance.
Upon making an enquiry, an applicant who would like to be considered under Article 20
should inform the Admissions Team.
Article 20 (Special Cases in student selection, etc.) ① The head of a school may allow a student
subject to the special cases in paragraph (2) to be admitted through extra-quota admission
(including to re-admit and transfer), as determined by the rules of the school within the scope
of the following paragraphs. <Amended 15 Jan 2016, 9 Jan 2017>
1. National Public international schools (including the schools established by an entity
referred and prescribed in Paragraph (2) of Article 227 of JEJU SPECIAL ACT: 10% of the quota
2. International schools established by an international school foundation: within the scope as
determined by the head of a school
MD002 November2022 3
② Students eligible for ″special cases″ of paragraph (1) shall be as follows: <Amended 9
August 2013, 9 Jan 2017>
1. A person who has resided for 3 years or longer in Jeju Self-Governing Province or a person
who has been on roll at a school located in Jeju Self-Governing Province for 2 years or more;
2. A child whose parent work for the public institution which is relocated to Jeju innovation
city as per Special act on construction and support of innovation cities following the relocation
of public institutions.
The number of students admitted with financial support will be determined by the availability
of places within a year group and the Schools financial circumstances.
Data protection and confidentiality
All data provided (electronically or otherwise) will be stored and used until either requested
not to do so by parents or once the purpose of holding the data has ceased. When registering a
child, parents will be required to consent to the capturing and use of their personal data.
By sitting exams via a third party, parents are agreeing to their childs data being shared with
this third party. For example, students who are required to sit a CAT4 exam or an EAL English
test.
Communication
The Admissions Team will share relevant information relating to the Admissions process at
NLCS Jeju and a weekly newsletter to those who have an active enquiry or have formally
registered. Those who have closed their enquiry, withdrawn their application, not received an
oer or are not eligible to attend NLCS Jeju will not receive such communications.
Legislation
The policy and process of admission to NLCS Jeju are governed by legislation which includes;
The Special Act on the Establishment of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province and the
Development of Free International City, article 228 (management, etc. of International
Schools) and The Enforcement Decree of said Special Act, Article 62 (Methods and Procedures
for Admission).
Siblings and family members
Siblings and family members must apply, follow the assessment process and be oered a
place on their own merit, no special allowances will be made. Parents should refer to the Fees
Policy for information relating to sibling discount.
Selection Criteria
NLCS Jeju is a selective school. NLCS Jeju considers a students prior attainment, previous
school reports, performance in assessment exams, interaction during their interview and their
English Language ability.
Application Preference
MD002 November2022 4
Where assessment data and application information (reports and references) are of equal
standing and places available are limited, preference will be given to the following:
● NLCS current or past students
● Siblings of current NLCS Jeju students
● Residents of Jeju as defined by the POE
● Those who wish to be a boarder
● Gender when the balance requires redressing
ENQUIRY
Initial enquiries can be made via the NLCS Jeju website, via email or via telephone. Please see the
Communications Policy for further information.
www.nlcsjeju.kr
admissions@nlcsjeju.kr
+82 64 793 8004
Enquiries will be provided with information relating to NLCS Jeju and the Admissions process. The
information provided will be accurate and up to date.
Enquiries will be able to continue with the process and register if the following criteria are met:
● Age of applicant
All applicants are expected to study within their correct age group bracket, either by Korean
Local School or International brackets. Applicants should ensure they are eligible by checking
the age chart on the website or by contacting the Admissions Team.
Only Korean passport holders can apply via the Korean Local School route.
● Entry point and start dates
Reception to Year 12; Intakes available throughout the year.
Year 13; No available intake
The above is dependent on available places at that time.
● Previous education
Students should have completed the required number of years education prior to the Year
they wish to join. Alternatively, their readiness for entry into the selected year will be taken
into consideration when making decisions.
● Living arrangements
Students must live in a boarding house or live in Jeju with their parents or legal guardian. NLCS
Jeju reserves the right to withdraw an oer or student should they be found to be living with a
person other than a legal guardian.
It is at the Principal and Board of Governors discretion and only in exceptional circumstances
that Students may be permitted to join NLCS Jeju where the above criterion is not met.
MD002 November2022 5
Should you decide to not continue, records will be closed and NLCS Jeju will not communicate further
with parents.
VISITS TO NLCS JEJU AND EVENTS OFFSITE
Students who are eligible to study at NLCS Jeju will be able to select a number of options to continue
their research and understanding of NLCS Jeju: such as face to face visits and events which will be
detailed on the NLCS Jeju website and are bookable on a first come first served basis. Events will go
ahead as published unless there are unforeseeable reasons as to why it cannot, at which point
attendees will be informed, by email, at the earliest opportunity.
Events include:
● Weekly private school tour to NLCS Jeju
● Information Sessions at NLCS Jeju or held in Seoul, Busan and other key cities.
All applicants are encouraged to visit NLCS Jeju or meet sta prior to registering or accepting an oer,
though this does not aect the students application.
REGISTERING A STUDENT
● All applicants must register via NLCS Jeju online application form
● All applicants must provide the required documents as set out on the website for the relevant
year of entry:
o A copy of the students passport
o A colour headshot of the student
o A copy of their parents Resident Registration Document (if Korean)
o A copy of their parents passport
o A copy of their Alien Registration Card (if not Korean)
o Previous school academic transcript or report (not for Reception or Year 1 applicants)
o Previous school behavioural report and school reference (not for Reception applicants)
o Notarised translations when not in English
o A completed consent form
● All applicants must pay a non-refundable application fee (currently KRW400,000)
● Applications will be processed on a first come first served basis for the next available intake.
● As available places vary on a regular basis it is advised that applicants contact Admissions
prior to making an application or payment
● Applicants must ensure they are eligible to register before doing so
Applications open
Year 3 and above - applications open August the Academic year prior to entry and remain open until
the end of May, further extensions will be made if places remain available.
Reception, Year 1 and Year 2 - applications open in January the Academic Year prior to entry and
remain open until the end of February.
MD002 November2022 6
NLCS Jeju reserves the right to close applications for particular year groups earlier than planned, and
without notice, if demand is high. We therefore always recommend an early application. NLCS Jeju will
publish, on the website, in advance when applications for a year group are open.
ASSESSMENT
Dates and location
Where possible assessment dates are published in advance on the website. Once registered applicants
will be able to indicate a preferred assessment date, should this date not be available the Admissions
Team will arrange an alternative, if possible.
Applicants based in Korea – Reception to Year 2
All applicants should attend assessment in person at NLCS Jeju on the set date for the main August
entry point. NLCS Jeju reserves the right to assess applicants earlier should the number of applicants
warrant this.
For applicants applying to a mid-year entry point an ad-hoc date will be arranged.
Applicants based in Korea – Year 3 to Year 12
Round one of the Assessment will take place in person, for all applicants. Students who progress to
round two will be invited to an online interview and to complete any remaining elements of their
assessment. This is a two staged approach and only successful applicants will be interviewed.
For applicants applying to a mid-year entry point where possible will be expected to attend
prearranged Assessment Dates as published online. Where this is not possible an ad-hoc date will be
arranged.
Overseas applicants
Those who are unable to travel to South Korea for Assessment will complete their assessment (exams
and interview) as a combination of online and at approved test locations, such as their current school.
Assessment elements
Full details of assessments are published online. The below provides a summary of the type of
assessment that will be undertaken to determine suitability.
Reception Class observation
BASE test (computer based)
Year 1 and Year 2 Class observation
English test
Maths test
Year 3 CAT4 test (computer based test)
English test (computer based)
Online interview
Year 4 – Year 5 CAT4 test (computer based)
Maths test (computer based)
MD002 November2022 7
English test (computer based)
Online interview
Year 6 – Year 10 CAT4 test (computer based test)
Maths test (computer based)
English EAL assessment (computer based)
Online interview
Year 12 CAT4 test (computer based test)
Maths test (computer based)
English test (written, paper based test)
English EAL assessment (computer based)
Online interview
Note that some circumstances may require assessments to take place online. On such occasions
further information will be provided. The medium of which the online assessment can take place will
be set by NLCS Jeju, usually Google Meet Link.
ASSESSMENT LEVEL
Applicants applying for an August start will be assessed for the August Year Group of entry. Students
applying for mid term entry (November, January and April) will be assessed for the future Year Group.
For example a student applying for Year 7 in August 2025 will be assessed for entry to Year 7, whereas a
student applying for Year 7 in November 2024, January 2025 or April 2025 will be assessed by Year 8
criteria as study for Year 7 would have already taken place.
RESULTS
Data obtained through assessment and the application process will be stored by the Admissions
Department and given to the Principal who will liaise with NLCS London to make an outcome decision
for each applicant. Should a student receive and accept an oer their results will be shared with the
relevant departments to allow class and teacher allocation.
NLCS Jeju will not disclose assessment data to parents or guardians. Assessment Data obtained
through third parties such as CAT4 and EAL English will be stored by the Third Party.
Day Oer
Applicants who meet the required standard and where there are available day places will receive an
oer. The oer will include an acceptance form and deposit deadline date. To accept the oer, the
applicant must pay the amount and return the required paperwork within the deadline. Once the
deadline has passed the oer will no longer be valid and the place will be made available to other
applicants.
Boarding Oer
Applicants who meet the required standard and where there are available boarding places will receive
an oer. The oer will include an acceptance form and deposit deadline date. To accept the oer, the
applicant must pay the amount and return the required paperwork within the deadline. Once the
deadline has passed the oer will no longer be valid and the place will be made available to other
applicants.
MD002 November2022 8
Day or Boarding Oer – with conditions
Applicants who meet the required standard but did not perform as well as expected or if there are
areas of concern may be oered a place with a condition. The condition must be accepted along with
the oer within the deadline as explained above. The particular condition will be explained in the oer
letter. For example, a student may be made an oer with the condition that they are a boarder and not
a day student to support their integration into school life and immersion of English. Another may be
made an oer subject to termly reviews.
Waiting list oer/Waiting list oer with conditions
Applicants who meet the required standard but there are no available places will be added to a waiting
list. Further details regarding the management of the waiting list are detailed below. Waiting list oers
can also include conditions, see above. When places become available the oer will be either day or
boarding depending on the number of places available in each category.
No oer
Students who do not meet the required standard will not be made an oer.
Progression to round two
Where a student has not been able to complete both exams and interview at the same time, their first
stage assessment will be assessed and only if successful will they be able to progress to round two and
complete the remainder of the assessment.
Change of status - Day or Boarding
In Year Groups 7 to 13 there are a set number of day places available, there are also a set number of
places available in boarding homes.
When you accept a day or boarding oer students will only be able to change to the other status if
there are places available in the new option.
By accepting an oer students must be prepared to remain as that status for the duration of their time
at NLCS Jeju. Changes to status prior to joining NLCS Jeju must be made via Admissions. Changes aer
enrolment must be made via the change of status forms on the Parent Portal.
ACCEPTANCE OF OFFER
Applicants must accept the oer within the deadline stipulated on the oer letter by returning the
required paperwork, signed and by email (usually an acceptance form and Health form) and making
the requested deposits (Non-refundable registration fee. For acceptance deposit, upon the
cancellation of the enrollment, it is not refundable. Aer the enrollment, in case of withdrawal or aer
completing Year 13 academic year then acceptance deposit is refundable) .
Applicants should refer to the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Fees policy before accepting the
oer.
In line with UK child protection and safeguarding legislation, if a students previous school is based
outside of South Korea the Admissions Department will contact the Headteacher of that school and
MD002 November2022 9
request for them to share any child protection or safeguarding concerns they may have with the
Principal of NLCS Jeju.
DEFERRING AN OFFER
For same Academic Year of Entry
If you do not wish to accept the oer for the original entry point (for example August, November or
January) you can decline the oer and instead you will be considered for the next entry point within
the same academic year. However, this does not guarantee a place for your child as other applicants
and available places will change. Parents defer places at their own risk.
Parents who wish to defer entry but secure their childs place must pay tuition and all other fees from
the enrollment date, thus reserving the place and allowing the child to join later. This type of
deferment is at the discretion of the Principal.
For the next Academic Year of Entry
Places cannot be deferred to the next academic year of entry. Students must reapply, pay the
non-refundable application fee and go through the assessment process for that relevant year.
WAITING LIST
Students are placed on a waiting list when they have met the standard for an oer but there are no
places available. When a place becomes available the waiting list will be reviewed by the Principal and
a student will be selected to receive an oer.
The waiting list place is only for the academic year that the assessment was undertaken for. Receiving
a place on the waiting list does not automatically mean the student has an oer of a place in the next
academic year in the higher year group, unless they applied aer August and were assessed for the
higher year.
If no places become available for those on a waiting list, it will be at the Principals discretion as to
whether or not the student is automatically eligible for the next level and year of entry or if the student
will require further assessment.
If students on the waiting list require additional assessment the outcome may include oer,
conditional oer, wait list oer or no oer depending on their results.
If a student can receive an oer for a future academic year in a higher year group then whether or not
they receive a firm oer or are placed on a waiting list depends on the number of places available.
Oer to those on a waiting list
Where assessment data and application information (reports and references) are of equal standing
and places available are limited, preference will be given to the following:
● NLCS current or past students
● Siblings of current NLCS Jeju students
● Residents of Jeju as defined by the POE
● Those who wish to be a boarder
MD002 November2022 10
● Gender when the balance requires redressing
RETURNING STUDENTS
Those who have le NLCS Jeju and wish to return to the same academic year, within the year of
departure can do so at the discretion of the Principal without assessment.
Where a year has passed, students will be required to apply again and go through the relevant
assessment for their new year of entry. A new registration form and application fee must be paid.
Previous performance, behaviour records and commitments (including fee payment) will be taken into
consideration when making a return oer.
APPLYING AGAIN
Students who received an oer but did not accept their place
For the same Academic Year of Entry students can request that their oer is reinstated. If places are
available they will be made an oer, if places are not available they will be added to the waiting list.
For a future Academic Year of Entry students will have to make a new application, pay the
non-refundable application fee and go through the assessment process for that Year of Entry.
Students who did not receive an oer
Students cannot reapply for the same year of Entry. Students can reapply for a future academic year
and will have to make a new application, pay the non-refundable application fee and go through the
assessment process for that Year of Entry.
Changing academic year of entry
Students who selected the International age bracket for assessment and were unsuccessful and wish
to be considered for a lower year of entry, following the Korean age bracket can make a request which
will be considered by the Principal.
INDUCTION AND ENROLMENT
Prior to the start date applicants will receive a number of informative communications and requests
for additional information to prepare for their arrival, this will include New Parent Handbook, uniform
information, fee invoices, House allocation and induction timetable.
House, teacher, tutor group allocation etc. will be determined by NLCS Jeju. Siblings will be allocated
the same house, where possible, unless requested not to do so.
Applicant details will be made available to the Parent Liaison Team who will be in contact to support
the transition to the school.
REFUND AND FEES POLICY
Parents should refer to the website for further information before applying or accepting an oer.
MD002 November2022 11
Post oer acceptance and pre-enrolment, should a parent default on requested payment their childs
oer may be revoked and made available to other applicants.
STAFF CHILDREN
Children of sta employed on an international teachers contract are eligible to join NLCS Jeju without
entry assessment. Students joining Year 3 and above will be required to sit a CAT4 test, EAL English test
and Math test to assist with class allocation.
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
NLCS Jeju welcomes applicants from around the world.
Should an applicant appoint an agent or other third party representative to support their application,
NLCS Jeju will liaise with the third party but not issue a contract, form a relationship or pay a
commission. All associated costs are to be paid by the parent.
Where a visa is required to study at NLCS Jeju support and guidance will be provided but the
application and associated costs will be covered by the applicant.
Parents must ensure there are suitable guardians in place, local to the school.
STUDENTS FROM OTHER NLCS JEJU SCHOOLS
Through an umbrella of schools, applicants will be required to apply to NLCS Jeju and be assessed as
per the normal admissions process. Fees etc. are not transferable between schools and agreements
will be separate for each school. Before making an application families should speak to their current
Principal who will in turn liaise with the NLCS Jeju principal.
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES
NLCS Jeju reserves the right to alter the Admissions process and entry requirements in exceptional
circumstances and notice will be given where possible.
WITHDRAWAL
By the Applicant
You can withdraw an application or decline an oer at any stage, please refer to the Fees and Refund
policy before doing so.
By NLCS Jeju
NLCS Jeju reserves the right to withdraw an application or revoke an oer should any of the
information provided by the applicant be false or if parents do not agree to the terms and conditions
or meet required deadline, should a Day student not be residing with a legal guardian.
COMPLAINTS AND APPEALS
Applicants can make a complaint via the NLCS Jeju Complaints policy.
MD002 November2022 12
Applicants can appeal a decision by writing to the Principal via the Admissions email.
REVIEW
The Admissions Process and Procedure will be reviewed annually. This may mean that applicants for
one entry point within the same year may have a dierent application process to a later applicant.
MD002 November2022 13